Add installation documentation to the README (#116)
spinkube/containerd-shim-spin: README.md

| **spin**         | [v2.2.0](https://github.com/fermyon/spin/releases/tag/v2.2.0)                    | [v2.3.1](https://github.com/fermyon/spin/releases/tag/v2.3.1)                    | [v2.4.2](https://github.com/fermyon/spin/releases/tag/v2.4.2)                    | [v2.4.3](https://github.com/fermyon/spin/releases/tag/v2.4.3)                    |

## Documentation

To learn more about the Containerd Shim Spin, please visit [the official Containerd Shim Spin documentation](https://www.spinkube.dev/docs/containerd-shim-spin/).

## Installing the `containerd-shim-spin` on Kubernetes Nodes

In order to run Spin applications on your cluster, you must complete the following three steps:

1. Install the shim on each Node that should support Spin apps
2. Update the containerd configuration to recognize the shim
3. Apply the Kubernetes `RuntimeClass` for the shim

> Repeating steps 1 and 2 for each node on a cluster can be a timely and manual process. For this reason, SpinKube provides a [`runtime-class-manager`](https://www.spinkube.dev/docs/runtime-class-manager/) (previously the `kwasm` operator) that enables you to skip over step 1 and 2. See the [SpinKube installation guide](https://www.spinkube.dev/docs/spin-operator/installation/installing-with-helm/) for more information on installing with Helm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeating steps 1 and 2 for each node on a cluster can be a time-consuming and manual process. For this reason, SpinKube provides a [`runtime-class-manager`](https://www.spinkube.dev/docs/runtime-class-manager/) (previously the `kwasm` operator) that enables you to skip over step 1 and 2. See the [SpinKube installation guide](https://www.spinkube.dev/docs/spin-operator/installation/installing-with-helm/) for more information on installing with Helm.
```

To carry out the installation step-by-step, do the following:

1. Install the shim on each Node that should support Spin apps

>     Install a [release of the shim](https://github.com/spinkube/containerd-shim-spin/releases) somewhere on the path of your Kubernetes worker nodes. For example, copy `containerd-shim-spin-v2` to `/bin`. Shims are additive, so once the `containerd-shim-spin` is installed on a Node, it can support Spin WebAssembly apps alongside traditional containerized deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install a [release of the shim](https://github.com/spinkube/containerd-shim-spin/releases) on the `PATH` of your Kubernetes worker nodes. For example, copy `containerd-shim-spin-v2` to `/bin`. Shims are additive, so once the `containerd-shim-spin` is installed on a Node, it can support Spin WebAssembly apps alongside Linux containers. 
```
